Added migration guide about the the queryDirection changes (#208)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/migration/index.adoc

The `directed` argument in `@relationship` fields is deprecated and will be removed in the future.
Configure the query direction via the `queryDirection` and `direction` arguments of the `@relationship` directive instead.

> === Deprecated `@relationship.queryDirection` `_DEFAULT` and `_ONLY` options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Deprecated `@relationship.queryDirection` `_DEFAULT` and `_ONLY` options
```

Following the deprecation of the `directed` argument, the values accepted by the `@relationship.queryDirection` have changed:

- `DEFAULT_DIRECTED` is deprecated.
- `DEFAULT_UNDIRECTED` is deprecated.

> - `DIRECTED_ONLY` is renamed to `DIRECTED` 
> - `UNDIRECTED_ONLY` is renamed to `UNDIRECTED`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DIRECTED_ONLY` is renamed to `DIRECTED`.
- `UNDIRECTED_ONLY` is renamed to `UNDIRECTED`.
```

> Following this change, a warning is raised if a deprecated value is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A warning is raised if a you use a deprecated value.
```

The `directed` argument in `@relationship` fields is deprecated and will be removed in the future.
Configure the query direction via the `queryDirection` and `direction` arguments of the `@relationship` directive instead.

=== Deprecated `@relationship.queryDirection` `_DEFAULT` and `_ONLY` options

Following the deprecation of the `directed` argument, the values accepted by the `@relationship.queryDirection` have changed:

- `DEFAULT_DIRECTED` is deprecated.
- `DEFAULT_UNDIRECTED` is deprecated.
- `DIRECTED_ONLY` is renamed to `DIRECTED`.
- `UNDIRECTED_ONLY` is renamed to `UNDIRECTED`.

> A warning is raised if a you use a deprecated value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A warning is raised if you use a deprecated value.
```
